Welcome everyone.
If you are new or have never come to one of my talks, my name is Bernard Loizeau and I am inviting you to join a community of knowledge and expertise, brought together to create a utopia:
The future of all of us, and the way in which it will be explained through our future homes.
In this new community, each of you has a place and a role to play. What are you waiting for? Come and join me!
If you would not like to join the community, you can merely observe our interviews. There will always be time for you to join us later.
Come on in, don’t be afraid! The only thing that we have to fear is that, at worst, it works!
Bernard Loizeau
Join the community / Continue as an observer
Enter your email address (field)
Join

Thank you for registering. An email has just been sent to you. To confirm your registration, please click on the link in the email.

Thank you for joining the community I wanna live after the walls!
By clicking on the link below, you will confirm your registration and become a member of the community.
Confirm my registration
Come and join us soon to keep in touch with what we are doing.
Bernard Loizeau

Welcome everyone!
I’m thrilled that you have answered my invitation.
I’m offering you the chance to continue with our thought process here, together, through a series of meetings that we will share, over time.
To begin with, we will create a circle of members, for those who would like to join in, which will then be able to welcome new members and grow in every way, at any time. Thus each of you will be able to take your place within the community, as you choose.
To do this, we need to establish our location and identify our skills. This is why I am asking each of you to fill in and return the form below. This will help me get the measure of our strengths.
Don’t delay, join us today!
Bernard Loizeau

Profiles sought
Mathematician
Engineer
Secretary
Builder
IT
Logistics
Designer or cartographer
Psychologist or psychiatrist
Geologist
Anthropologist
Someone who can translate our conversations into other languages, English as a priority.

Mr/Mrs/Ms
Surname:
First name:
Age:
Skills:
Interests:
Town/city:
Country:
Languages spoken:
Sign up

Thank you for signing up!
Give me some time to gather and map this information and I’ll get back to you. We’ll let you know when the next newsletter is coming out by email.
Bernard Loizeau

Next, menu
Join the community
Calendar of upcoming talks
Write to me
Sign up

Episode 2 - June
Welcome everyone!
I’m delighted to see you.
I’d now like to invite you to talk with me about the future of all of us, and the way in which it will be explained through our future homes.
To make this adventure a success, we must stay in regular contact to form the basis of our story and guarantee a positive outcome.
Remember: the best way of finding out what will happen in the future is to write it ourselves. And this time, you are the ones who are going to write it!

